+++++++++++++++++head
.title: Exam on Biology first paper Chapter 11
.author: Samiul Ahmed Joy
.description: Exam on Biology first paper Chapter 11
.style: ..//css/maind.css
.style: ..//css/main.css
-------------------head

++++navigation
.homepage: [home](..//index.html)
.navmenu: roam
.navpage: [demo](..//demo/base.html)
.navpage: [microblog](..//microblog/base.html)
.navpage: [projects](..//projects/base.html)
.navpage: [academics](..//academics/base.html)
.backpage: [base](base.html)
----------navigation

++++++++++++++++main
.ce header2: Plant Biotechnology Q/A

.ce header4: Total Time: 60 Minutes | Total Marks: 62

.ce header4: [Answer as short and meaningful as possible]

 **1**. What is the name of the person who first discovered/coined the term “Biotechnology”?
 **2**. Which scientist first gave the idea of Totipotency?
 **3**. What is a callus?
 **4**. Write the names of some of the main components of micro and macro elements used in nutrient medium in tissue culture
 **5**. What is basal medium and what should be the pH for a basal medium?
 **6**. During tissue culture, the medium is autoclaved at what degree temperature?
 **7**. Somatic Hybrids falls into which category of tissue culture?
 **8**. Give example of 2 families where haploid plant culture was successful
 **9**. What is soma-clonal variation?
 **10**. Which university in Bangladesh first started Tissue Culture?
 **11**. Microtuber is produced from which crop?
 **12**. Which NGO is did successful propagation of Stevia plant?
 **13**. Write one advantage and one disadvantage of tissue culture in short
 **14**. Who first coined the term “Genetic Engineering”?
 **15**. Write the scientific names of two most commonly bacteria used in GE.
 **16**. Which scientist first found plasmid in _E. coli_ bacteria
 **17**. What is the atomic weight of a _E. coli_ plasmid?
 **18**. How many types of plasmids are there? Write their names
 **19**. Where is Ti plasmid found?
 **20**. Which chemical component is used in separation of DNA from RNA and Proteins
 **21**. Hind III restriction enzyme is taken from which organism?
 **22**. What is the other name of Biological knife?
 **23**. Which restriction enzyme is used to cut this sequence C|CGG GGC|C
 **24**. Name 3 methods by which plasmid is inserted into a bacterium
 **25**. What is Implanta? Which specific plant part is used in implanta method?
 **26**. In Bangladesh nowadays which method is used for tea cultivation?
 **27**. What is gene cloning?
 **28**. Who first discovered PCR? What does PCR stand for?
 **29**. An ideal primer is usually how many base pairs long?
 **30**. How does PCR fall under gene cloning category?
 **31**. How many types of cloning methods are there?
 **32**. In which year Dolly sheep was created?
 **33**. Write the scientific name of the bacteria used to create Bt. Cotton/Bt. Brinjal
 **34**. Which groups of chemical component is considered as the most harmful weedicide?
 **35**. How can that harmful chemical from above be applied in case of cotton and soybean plants?
 **36**. Which gene from sunflower plant is used in clover plants to increase fur production in sheep?
 **37**. Which breed of rice is used while creating golden rice? Write the scientific genus name
 **38**. From which plant beta-carotene is take for Vitamin-A synthesis?
 **39**. Who first discovered the Super Rice creation method?
 **40**. What is NiF gene?
 **41**. Luciferage enzyme is found in which organism? What does luciferage enzyme do?
 **42**. Based on the habitat of Bt bacteria, what type of bacteria is it and what type of gene is isolated from BT bacteria to create plants such as Bt. Cotton and such
 **43**. How many types of genetic disorders have been found so far in humans?
 **44**. How many total amino acids are found in insulin? How many base sequences are found in insulin as well
 **45**. A single _E. coli_ bacterium can create how many insulin?
 **46**. Which American company was the first to commercially produce insulin? What is it’s commercial name?
 **47**. For how long is _E. coli_ suspended under ice during first phase of heat shock method?
 **48**. What is the other name of defense protein? What type of protein is it?
 **49**. Which scientist first discovered interferon?
 **50**. What is the full form of TPA?
 **51**. What is molecular farming?
 **52**. Which chemical component is used to bleach paper?
 **53**. Which bacteria are responsible for breaking down of petroleum? Write their scientific names
 **54**. Which gas are emitted during activated sludge method?
 **55**. What is the scientific name of the bacterium used in sewage treatment method?
 **56**. Who first discovered DNA sequencing method?
 **57**. Which virus attacks Mug daal plant?
 **58**. How many chromosomes are there in _Haemophilus influenzae_?
 **59**. Which electrophoresis method is used during DNA-fingerprinting?
 **60**. Why is archaebacteria in a completely different domain/kingdom compared to bacteria?
 **61**. Name one gene responsible for increasing salt water tolerability in plants
 **62**. What is the name of the official bio-safety committee in Bangladesh?

.hr

----------------main

++++++++++++++++footer
.message: Made with <3 by [samiuljoy](https://github.com/samiuljoy)
.message: [rss](/rss.xml) | [about](/about.html) | [go to top](#)
------------------footer

+++++++script
mode = document.getElementById('switch');

if (! navigator.cookieEnabled) {
	mode.style.display = 'none';
}
else if(! localStorage) {
	mode.style.display = 'none';
}
else {
	mode.style.display = 'inline';
}
-----------------script

+++++++++add
.script: ..//js/toggle.js
-----------add

