+++++++++++++++++head
.title: Exam on Biology first paper Chapter 9 part 2 respiration
.author: Samiul Ahmed Joy
.description: Exam on Biology first paper Chapter 9 part 2 respiration
.style: ..//css/maind.css
.style: ..//css/main.css
-------------------head

++++navigation
	<center><h4><span id="countdown" class="inner-switch">35</span></h4></center>
----------navigation

++++++++++++++++main
.ce header2: Plant Physiology Q/A

.ce header4: Total Time: 35 Minutes | Total Marks: 40

 **1**. In C4 cycle, NADP is converted into NADPH+H^^+^^ due to which enzyme?
 **2**. Under what degree of temperature does photosynthesis decrease?
 **3**. Name 2 minerals needed for the creation of chlorophyll
 **4**. What is/are photoauxotroph(s)?
 **5**. Which scientist gave the law of minimum and law of limiting factor?
 **6**. For temperature to not be a limiting factor, what should be the ideal temperature for optimum photosynthesis?
 **7**. Name one aquatic algae which can withstand high concentration of CO^2^
 **8**. Write the formula of P.Q
 **9**. After completion of photosynthesis, starch is first converted to \_\_\_\_ and then later to \_\_\_\_\_ and transported throughout the plant body
 **10**. After completion of photosynthesis, sucrose is produced in (chloroplast/cytosol)
 **11**. Write the entire reaction for respiration in plants
 **12**. In glycolysis, 2 molecules of NADPH+H^^+^^ produces \_\_\_\_ molecules of ATP
 **13**. When Pyruvic acid is completely oxidized, it produces \_\_\_ molecules of CO^2^ in mitochondrial matrix
 **14**. In glycolysis, due to isomerase enzyme, \_\_\_ can be converted into DAP
 **15**. What is the name of the first translocated sugar in plant?
 **16**. In glycolysis reaction, how many reactions are uni-directional?
 **17**. How many NADPH+H^^+^^ is created at the end of glycolysis?
 **18**. How many ATP are created and lost during glycolysis?
 **19**. In glycolysis, what percentage of energy is converted into heat energy and how much is conserved in pyruvic acid?
 **20**. What is gluconeogenesis?
 **21**. What is the chemical name of this molecule C^2^H^3^O-SCoA?
 **22**. What is the other name of Krebs Cycle?
 **23**. Fumeric Acid + H^2^0 --> ?
 **24**. During Krebs cycle, when succinyl Co-A is converted to succinic acid, ATP is created due to presence of which enzyme?
 **25**. How many subunits are there in Complex-III of ETC?
 **26**. O^2^ + ?e^^-^^ + ?H^^+^^ --> 2H^2^O. What should be in place of "?" marks?
 **27**. What's the necessity of O^2^ in ETC?
 **28**. How many ATP's are produced after successful completion of ETC?
 **29**. How many Kcal of energy is produced after aerobic respiration in plants?
 **30**. What is pasteur effect?
 **31**. In which method of anerobic respiration, no CO^2^ is created?
 **32**. C^6^H^12^O^6^ --> ? + 20 Kcal energy
 **33**. Which fruit is used to prepare cidar?
 **34**. Thiamine and Riboflavin are basically vitamin \_\_\_ and vitamin \_\_\_ which are created using yeast.
 **35**. Write the formula for R.Q
 **36**. In proteins, R.Q is (above/below) 1
 **37**. What is the ideal temperature for respiration?
 **38**. How can you physically increase respiration in a leaf using a simple trick?
 **39**. Which bacteria is used to produce vinegar in industries?
 **40**. What is the ideal temperature to produce curd in industries using anaerobic method?

.hr

----------------main

++++++++++++++++footer
.message: Made with <3 by [samiuljoy](https://github.com/samiuljoy)
.message: [rss](/rss.xml) | [about](/about.html) | [go to top](#)
------------------footer


+++++++script
mode = document.getElementById('switch');

if (! navigator.cookieEnabled) {
	mode.style.display = 'none';
}
else if(! localStorage) {
	mode.style.display = 'none';
}
else {
	mode.style.display = 'inline';
}

var timeInSecs;
var ticker;

function startTimer(secs) {
	timeInSecs = parseInt(secs);
	ticker = setInterval("tick()", 1000); 
}

function tick( ) {
	var secs = timeInSecs;
	if (secs > 0) {
	timeInSecs--; 
}
else {
	clearInterval(ticker);
	startTimer(35*60); // 4 minutes in seconds
}

var mins = Math.floor(secs/60);
secs %= 60;
var pretty = ( (mins < 10) ? "0" : "" ) + mins + ":" + ( (secs < 10) ? "0" : "" ) + secs;

document.getElementById("countdown").innerHTML = pretty;
}

startTimer(35*60); // 4 minutes in seconds

//Credits to Gulzaib from Pakistan
---------script

+++++++++add
.script: ..//js/toggle.js
-----------add
